Well we've got some code put together that simulated that change or that input event.
And we did eventually see some text right here or some list of movies up here but our test still failed.
I'm kind of curious why if we refresh the page several times you're going to very quickly notice some
interesting behavior.
So I got to refresh really quickly and here's the thing when I refresh.
You'll notice that the instant the page loads I already see that the test has failed yet.
It takes some amount of time after the page has refreshed to actually see the list of results appear
right here.
Let me do that one more time.
So I see the failure then the output failure then the output.
So by the time the output appears our test has already failed.
That's what the issue is.
So by the time we are actually running our expectation.
So like this stuff right here there is no dropdown open.
We don't see anything.
It will eventually be but not yet.
So we essentially need to figure out some way to delay our test.
We need to figure out some way to not run that thing right there until some little bit of time in the
future.
By the way you might be curious why there is that delay at all.
If you put together the movie's application or specifically the autocomplete widget you might recall
that inside of here we wrapped the input event with a D bound statement that essentially means wait
for 500 milliseconds before running the function that's going to handle an input event.
And that's what exactly what we're seeing.
There is no network request being created anymore.
Yet it still takes 500 milliseconds for some result to appear because that's how we designed our widget.
So how are we gonna fix this.
Well there's definitely some easy way and some not so easy way but right way so the easy way that you
might think up would be to simply like wrap this thing in a set time out or something and say oh yeah
I don't want to run the assertion until like maybe 600 seconds in the future or something like that.
This is definitely not the correct way to handle this.
The reason for that is that at some point time we might come back over to our autocomplete implementation
and say oh yeah we now want a 1000 second delay before we start to actually do any search or handle
any searching.
And if we did that well now son the test is going to break for no good reason.
So we need to essentially think of a better way to kind of delay this expectation right here they're
going to take a approach that's going to be extremely useful for all forms of testing that involve what
the Web here's what we're going to do.
We're going to put together a little helper function we're gonna call it wait for.
So we're gonna have something like a Wait Wait for right here.
This is the goal.
This is what we want to have and then inside of wait for we're going to pass it a selector a CSF selector
to some elements that we want to see visible on the screen we're then going to make sure that our wait
for function is going to hold everything up it's going to just stop our test for money until it sees
some element with whatever selector we pass in right there actually appear.
So in our case we don't really want to run our expectation right here until we start to see these results
appear on the screen if we inspect that element right there like one of these movies you'll see that
each of them is an anchor element with the class of dropdown dash item.
So ideally right here we could say something like a wait for dot dropdown dash item and then in a perfect
world the wait for function which by the way doesn't exist yet we have to write this we are going to
write it in the perfect world you wait for a function would just kind of sit around and twiddle its
thumbs until this thing actually appeared on the screen and as soon as it did we would then continue
execution we would probably want to have some timeout inside there as well to say well if we wait for
like five seconds and we don't see a dom element with that class or that select right there appear then
something is clearly wrong let's just fail the test altogether so the wait a function is something that
is extremely useful and I think that you will probably end up using on future projects as well.
All right so now that we understand how we're going to solve this problem let's take a pause right here
we'll come back the next video and start working on the implementation of weight for.